oriana does not have much history
complex
I decided to treat his own
precisely because it has no relationship with
none except some sporadic theory
inherent in its robotic nature
talk about individual samples in fact me
lets you breathe between an episode and
the other has nothing to do with the number of
samples to narrate
but how many theories interactions
There are general anecdotes and curiosities
behind
Well, there are no poor rihanna
not even so many theories behind
probably because its history
leave a certain void inside there is not
revenge there is no redemption much less
a real cause to fight
in the league only misfortune e
sadness
ap having to live a man no one knows if
he was an inventor practically everyone
the inhabitants of Pover poverty are
scientists and inventors
his name was cornerback he had
a beautiful daughter named orianna
who loved more than anything in the world
Oriana possessed a great talent for the
dance
an innate gift that gave her one
unique loveliness that accompanied her every
day in all its movements
however the true passion of the girl
had always been in the league of
legends although more than the binds what
those who were there pulled it
the champions fought inside
tuttva laurent was aware of the
their actions in the fields of justice
real idolized celebrities
from their cities
and so the little miserable Arianna part
the dance to train hard and
become a champion someday
inside the league
unfortunately his naivety and his
innocence led to running different
risks
we do not know how it really happened not
we can know but one day due
of a horrible misfortune or rihanna died
and with her his dream of fighting
in the league of legends the heart of
corin shattered her one
daughter was no longer the only reason
of his existence he had disappeared into
little time the man falls into a deep one
depression
his discomfort turned into
an obsession could not accept that
a father had to bury the
own daughter
so he decided to rely on technology
the emptiness given by the absence of Oriana
it would have been filled by a substitute
a robotic copy of the girl but with
the ability to know how to fight in
league of legends corina gave to the
machine the same name as your daughter e
knowing that he would fight in the
arenas also created a kind of ball for
protect it which would have it
accompanied this creation forever
symbiotic between the two machines uses
a different kind of techno but surgery
relying more on electricity than not
on mechanical components
but a strange thing happened
inside the mechanical rihanna
although corin had not had any
way to implement the thoughts of the
daughter
his passions his habits there
small robot had a strange tendency
to dance on its own as if in
somehow he learned something
of the deceased oriana girl and the ball
now they fight in the league of legends and
he always tries to adapt to whom
fights next to her but for how long
you can never be human
reason that something remains for her
disturbing
despite trying to interact with the
other samples
few of them manage to go further
to its bizarre nature except one
blitz frank
there
it swing
oriana is different from blitz gang while
the latter is a sentient entity
independent capable of trying fragments
of emotions and able to learn
information on its own
the little robot simply remains
a car besides we are putting to
compare two intentions totally
different oriana was invented by
a father or near from the pain for the
death of the daughter he sought in
any way to replace also ends
instead it was created by a group of
zaum scientists guided by the way
by victor
despite this however Oriana seems
have somewhere within the
its cybernetic inserts its own
soul in something that in its way the
makes it unique able to make them come true
that she is different
as I said in victor's video
the latter proves a mixture of hatred
envy of oriana in
how much she represents in everything and for
a whole car the apotheosis of
wishes of victor which instead it is
related to his human nature at
otherwise obviously orian audia victor
he who had the gift of being born a man
get to want to be one
machine or rihanna has several
similarities to glados of the porto series
to the dark star series in oriana in
Irish means blonde or golden
initially the title that accompanied it
oriana was the clock work for or the
gear girl later though
has been changed with the lady of
clockwork or the lady of the
Oriana gears has two many
different depending on where the
fear if we move the ball to a point
and then let's do the pirouette at
champion the latter will fall to the ground at
otherwise if the ball is ours
side will support us in the temple
oriana spotlight its icon in
gamer this dies a chaos doll
it had to represent the standard skin
but then the rai ott changed it to that one
which now seems to adapt better to the
story she the craft orianna seems to be doing
reference to prev
the replicant of the runner blade film
buzzard is played mainly mid
even if on certain occasions we can
see her used as a support for her skill
set in fact and gives a lot of utility
in the clashes that the shield is slow or
his ultimate
I would say we greet friends here
video was particularly short but
not for this reason without strong emotions
in my opinion at least Oriana remains in my opinion
a rather mysterious champion and of
made his own
personally is accompanied by a
tiny question mark to indicate
which probably isn't over here
I thank you I invite you to share
as much as possible the video if you can
and I leave you here a good continuation
boys